hi I am going to demonstrate the no
chain starting method in the round so I
just slip stitched I'm pulling up a loop
and earlier I showed you the paperclip
tool that I'm using to catch the yarn so
yarn over yarn over pull through and
secure
so this is not my favorite way to do
things I'm going to frog these two
stitches and show you my favorite way to
make this stitch in the round
so
back to the beginning pulling up a loop
but instead of starting the stitch I'm
going to put a little twist in the loop
so over and under puts a little twist in
the loop and I'll take my paper clip
tool and if you have the plastic coated
paper clips it's less slippery because
right now I have metal on metal I find
it a little bit slippery so there's the
loop and here's the paper clip holding
onto it and I yarn over yarn over pull
through yarn over secure the paper clip
on the stitch again this is an
alternative this is the way I like to do
it but you can do it the other way if
you wish I will pause the video go to
the end of the round
and come back alright now I am back I've
made all my stitches in the round and
I'm ready to join to the beginning of
the round and if I tug on this paper
clip I can see the little hole where I
need to put my slip stitch to join the
round
and now I can remove my paperclip
so for the next round you do the same
and I'm going to do my twist but that's
optional you can do it the other way if
you like how it looks I don't I think
it's a little loose so this tightens it
up a little bit and makes it a little
bit neater and yarn-over secure paper
clip
so there you have it
and as you can see the stitch looks very
much like a double crochet you didn't
chain to make it and it's this one you
can hardly tell it's there have fun